I'm coach Dave Odom with a football
we're gonna talk about football training
for kids and this can be a variance of
many things but really you've got to
start and have to start with the basic
thing and my first thing I want to start
with the kid is just a basic three-point
stance and we're going to show that with
David around it's just giving your youth
into a base forms okay first thing we're
talking about is just a base three-point
stance rounds Dave getting the three
point stance for me as you can see and
then youth they're not going to get this
right away is that their backs are even
their butts are low
their heads are up and the camera that's
a base three-point stance and they're
have a three-point their fingers are up
not flat but that's a base three-point
stance going to stand up guys the next
stance we're going to talk about is just
a base linebacker stance here they're
gonna show their feet square a lot of
kids believe it I have a hard time doing
this this is feet square and your hands
like this with your butt down and your
eyes are forward like this that's a
basic stance so you're working on basic
stances here the last one will be is a
basic D back stance and we're talking
about this is just getting your leg
cocked back I'm standing like this yeah
just like that guys exactly right with
your arms like that out too as well so
just getting down with your butt down so
widen them out but down stances so when
I talk about youth training we're
talking about stances a lot you don't
want to do a lot of high impact stuff
but you also want to do a couple form
tackling I'm sure that real quick when I
talk about form
David Rosen I'm demonstrating it's all
gonna do is I'll ever I'll stand here
and David just go up to and wrap and put
your head on the side and that's someone
once you stop at that point okay
okay set go just have them come up wrap
that's it
step come back that's good right there
no high impact stop know how to hit him
one more time David step go and wrap and
that's it those are some of the
beautiful fall training drills we like
to do here no high impact stuff so when
you talk about training football for
kids start with the basic thing start
with the stances start with how do the
blocking started with just the basic
tackling and you want to walk them
through these things you don't want to
do any tie in pack until they know the
proper technique again I'm Dave Odom
with we love football and these are my
youth practice techniques